README.md, before:

# seal-backend

Team SEAL: Fuqi Cui, Lauren Yoo, Elaine Jiang, Stanley Zhao

1. [Assignment 1: Problem Framing](/assignments/AS1/problem_framing.md)
2. [Assignment 2: Functional Design](/assignments/AS2/functional_design.md)
3. [Assignment 3 (group critique)](/assignments/AS3/Avril.md)
4.  Alpha Checkpoint: 
    - [Updated concept design](/assignments/AS2/updated_functional_design.md)
    - [Alpha Updated Development Plan](/assignments/AS4%20-%20Alpha/Alpha%20Checkpoint%20Updates.md)
    - #### Demo Alpha [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/8QrR26eFPms/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QrR26eFPms)

5. Beta Checkpoint:
   - [Beta Updated Development Plan](/assignments/AS5%20-%20Beta/Beta%20Checkpoint%20Updates.md)
   - #### Demo Beta [![Watch the video](ReplaceMe.jpg)](Replace me.com)

# How to run this code base?

1. Create a `.env` file with:

```
GEMINI_API_KEY=
GEMINI_MODEL=gemini-2.5-flash
GEMINI_CONFIG=./geminiConfig.json
MONGODB_URL=
DB_NAME=
```

2. Install Deno: https://deno.land/

3. Run `deno task concepts` to start the server

4. Run `deno test -A` to run the test cases

Commit message:

Add instructions to README on how to seed db

README.md, after:

# seal-backend

Team SEAL: Fuqi Cui, Lauren Yoo, Elaine Jiang, Stanley Zhao

1. [Assignment 1: Problem Framing](/assignments/AS1/problem_framing.md)
2. [Assignment 2: Functional Design](/assignments/AS2/functional_design.md)
3. [Assignment 3 (group critique)](/assignments/AS3/Avril.md)
4.  Alpha Checkpoint: 
    - [Updated concept design](/assignments/AS2/updated_functional_design.md)
    - [Alpha Updated Development Plan](/assignments/AS4%20-%20Alpha/Alpha%20Checkpoint%20Updates.md)
    - #### Demo Alpha [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/8QrR26eFPms/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QrR26eFPms)

5. Beta Checkpoint:
   - [Beta Updated Development Plan](/assignments/AS5%20-%20Beta/Beta%20Checkpoint%20Updates.md)
   - #### Demo Beta [![Watch the video](ReplaceMe.jpg)](Replace me.com)

# How to run this backend code base?

1. Create a `.env` file with:

```
GEMINI_API_KEY=
GEMINI_MODEL=gemini-2.5-flash
GEMINI_CONFIG=./geminiConfig.json
MONGODB_URL=
DB_NAME=
```

2. Install Deno: https://deno.land/

3. Run `deno run build; deno run start` to start the new server

# How to run tests?

1. Run `deno test -A` to run the concept/sync cases

2. To seed MongoDB with mock data for manual testing:
    1. To the .env file edit `DB_NAME` field with name of desired test datebase name. 
    ```
    GEMINI_API_KEY=
    GEMINI_MODEL=gemini-2.5-flash
    GEMINI_CONFIG=./geminiConfig.json
    MONGODB_URL=
    DB_NAME=
    ```

    2. Restart backend

    3. Run  `deno run -A src/utils/seed.ts` to seed. Follow console output to test actions in different user accounts

    4. Optionally, Run `deno run -A src/utils/clear_db.ts` to reset `DB_NAME` in MongoDB
