# What are some aspects of the project that you like, and why?

I like the concept of the chronological timeline, I think it's a pretty interesting way to visualize the memories. I'm curious to see how it get's implemented, but at least my interpretation of it in my head seems quite intuitive and visual which I think helps when it comes to memories, which is something we tend to forget a lot about. I also think the idea of something like the Spotify Wrapped but for your memories is quite cool. Sometimes when I look through my own photo gallery, I don't exactly remember the details of certain memories, and I think having a summary of what happened can really help down the line when a user revisits their memories.

# What are some aspects of the project that you wish were different in some way?

It isn't immediately clear how the user actually adds the memories, I'm assuming just text input? However, if I were to go off that assumption, I think that can be a little tedious at times. I think something that may be worth doing is adding small things to streamline the process, such as grabbing location and time data from the image uploaded to autofill for instance, and also allowing some sort of voice to text or even voice memo to describe. I think it's a lot easier to just say out loud and record what the memory is as opposed to having to write it as text. I think this way, it can facilitate users adding memories with less friction.

# What are some aspects you are wondering about; perhaps some suggestions for a simplification, a different approach, or whatever?

One aspect I'm considering is probably privacy and bias around the AI assistant? It's probably not a serious concern, but I do wonder if users will want to opt out of having their stories and memories potentially trained on/being accessible to the companies that provide their LLMs. Also, I think the privacy/security of this pretty personal information is also potentially a concern, but probably not big considering the scope of this class. Another thing is what will keep the users coming back? I wonder if there is something other than the core feature that can help engage users to further add memories/be compelled to use this first. Maybe some sort of challenges/login streak? Or perhaps locking certain features behind activity (ie upload a memory from this week to see other people's memories).